818 documentation cleanup (#869)
insightsengineering/teal: vignettes/adding-support-for-reporting.Rmd

Reviewer: Please edit the yaml header to add a table of contents:
```
output: 
  rmarkdown::html_vignette:
    toc: true
```

Author: 700a48191cebf913a9f182ff68275f92d35c7989

## Introduction

> The `teal` package offers an integrated reporting feature utilizing the `vignette("teal.reporter")` package. For a more comprehensive understanding of the reporting functionality itself, please refer to the official documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `teal` package offers an integrated reporting feature utilizing the `teal.reporter` package. For a comprehensive explanation of the reporting functionality itself, please refer to the documentation therein.
```

> This article is intended for module developers and aims to provide guidance on enriching a custom `teal` module with an automatic reporting feature. This enhancement enables users to incorporate snapshots of the module outputs into a report, which can then be reviewed in another module automatically provided by `teal`. This interaction allows users to seamlessly interact with the report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article is intended for module developers and aims to provide guidance on enriching a custom `teal` module with an automatic reporting feature. This enhancement enables users to incorporate snapshots of the module outputs into a report which can then be reviewed in another module automatically provided by `teal`. Thus the app user can interact with the report.
```

The responsibilities of a module developer include:

- Adding support for reporting to their module.

> - Specifying the outputs that contribute to a snapshot of their module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specifying the outputs that constitute a snapshot of their module.
```

> The entire lifecycle of objects involved in creating the report and configuring the module to preview the report is efficiently handled by `teal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entire lifecycle of objects involved in creating the report and configuring the module to preview the report is handled by `teal`.
```

## Custom module

> Let's consider the example module from `teal`:

Reviewer: No contractions in official writings.

```suggestion
Let us consider the example module from `teal`:
```

Author: : p

}
```

> Using `teal`, you can launch this example module with the following lines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `teal`, you can launch this example module with the following:
```

if (interactive()) shinyApp(app$ui, app$server)
```

> The `teal` platform adds another tab to the application titled `Report previewer`. However, it seems that there is no visible change in how the module operates and appears. As of now, users cannot interact with it to add content to the report from this module. Fortunately, `teal.reporter` provides `ui` and `server` objects to facilitate this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`teal` adds another tab to the application, titled `Report previewer`. However, there is no visible change in how the module operates and appears and the user cannot add content to the report from this module. That requires inserting `teal.reporter` `ui` and `server` elements into the module body.
```

> ### Introduce the new `UI` and supporting `shiny` modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Insert `UI` and supporting `shiny` modules for adding report cards
```

> To enable users to add content from `example_module_with_reporting` to the report, we will utilize `teal.reporter::simple_reporter_ui` and `teal.reporter::simple_reporter_srv` to set up the `UI` and the `shiny` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UI and the server logic necessary for adding cards from `example_module_with_reporting` to the report are provided by `teal.reporter::simple_reporter_ui` and `teal.reporter::simple_reporter_srv`.
```

if (interactive()) shinyApp(app$ui, app$server)
```

> The new `UI` is visible, and the buttons are clickable. An application user can review the card in the `Report previewer` module, but it will appear empty since we haven't added any content to the card of our module yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new piece of `UI` has been added, and the buttons are clickable. The user can now add a card to the report and view it in the `Report previewer` module but the preview is still empty since we have not instructed our module what to put on the card.
```
